c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\ReservationSample.exe.config
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\client_secret.json
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\ReservationSample.exe
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\ReservationSample.pdb
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Sheets.v4.xml
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\obj\Debug\ReservationSample.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\obj\Debug\ReservationSample.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\obj\Debug\ReservationSample.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\obj\Debug\ReservationSample.exe
c:\users\alverer\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Reservation\ReservationSample\obj\Debug\ReservationSample.pdb
